Php Agent Metadata (#12011)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/php-release-notes/php-agent-10-2-0-314.mdx

releaseDate: '2022-10-03'
version: 10.2.0.314
downloadLink: 'https://download.newrelic.com/php_agent/archive/10.2.0.314'
features: ['Alert when number of connected applications falls below 25 or exceeds 200']

> bugs: ['Fix SIGSEGV in Drupal 7 instrumentation', 'Fix PHPinfo output for newrelic.application_logging*.enabled', 'Fix JSON string formatting for application log messages', 'Reduce severity of log message when the agent does not detect environmental variables']

Author: ```suggestion
bugs: ['Fix SIGSEGV in Drupal 7 instrumentation', 'Fix PHPinfo output for "newrelic.application_logging*.enabled"', 'Fix JSON string formatting for application log messages', 'Reduce severity of log message when the agent does not detect environmental variables']
```
